---
title: "CV 2020 03 02 CV 866 02032020 TCTThue chuyen"
category: "Capital"
subcategory: "Capital Gains Tax"
source_folder: "Indirect CGT"
conversion_date: "2025-11-21"
original_format: "docx"
---


Respectfully to:	GUYOMARC’H VCN Co, Ltd
(Chem, Thuy Phuong ward, Bac Tu Liem district, Ha Noi city)
GUYOMARC’H Vietnam Co., Ltd
(Quarter 1B, An Phu ward, Thuan An Township, Binh Duong province)

At Clause 2 Article 2 of the Law on enterprise income tax No. 14/2008/QH12 of the National Assembly regulates:

"2. Enterprises having taxable incomes under Article 3 of this Law shall pay enterprise income tax as follows:

...

d) Foreign enterprises without Vietnam-based permanent establishments shall pay tax on taxable incomes generated in Vietnam".

At Clause 1 Article 1 of the Government's Decree No. 12/2015/ND-CP dated February 12th, 2015 detailing the implementation of the Law amending, supplementing to a number of articles of Laws on tax and amending, supplementing to a number of articles of Decrees on tax regulates:

"3 Vietnam-generated taxable incomes of foreign enterprises defined at Points c and d, Clause 2, Article 2 of the Law on enterprise income tax are the incomes originated in Vietnam from activities of service provision, goods supply and distribution, provision of loans and copyright royalties collected from Vietnamese organizations and individuals or foreign organizations and individuals doing business in Vietnam or from transfer of capital, projects of investment, the right to contribute capital, the right to participate in projects of investment, the right to exploit, explore and process mineral resources in Vietnam, regardless of their places of business."

At point c Clause 2 Article 14 of Circular No. 78/2014/TT-BTC dated June 18th, 2014 of the Ministry of Finance providing guidelines on implementation of the Law on enterprise income tax (EIT) regulates:

"c) The tax applicable to foreign organizations doing business in Vietnam, or earning income in Vietnam, not operating under the Investment Law, the Enterprise Law (generally referred to as foreign contractors) that transfer capital, shall be declared and paid as follows:

Capital transferees shall determine, declare, withhold and pay payable EIT on behalf of the foreign organization. In case the capital transferees are also foreign organizations that do not operate under the Law on Investment or the Law on Enterprises, the enterprises established under the Vietnamese laws in which the foreign organization invested capital shall take responsibility for declaring and paying the payable EIT on the capital transfer activity on behalf of the foreign organization.

The tax declaration and payment are done as prescribed in the legal documents on tax administration."

Căn cứ các quy định nêu trên, trường hợp Invivo Group chuyển nhượng lại toàn bộ cổ phần của Invivo Group tại NEOVIA (tức là gián tiếp chuyển nhượng 100% cổ phần tại GUYOMARC’H VIET NAM và 70% GUYOMARC’H VCN) cho Tập đoàn Archer Daniels Midland  (ADM) có phát sinh thu nhập thì khoản thu nhập phát sinh từ hoạt động chuyển nhượng vốn nêu trên thuộc đối tượng chịu thuế TNDN tại Việt Nam tương ứng với giá trị cổ phần phát sinh tại Việt Nam được chuyển nhượng theo quy định tại nội luật.
Pertaining to the above, in case Invivo Group transfers 100% of its shares in Neovia (i.e. indirectly transferring 100% its shares in Guyomarc’h Vietnam and 70% its shares in Guymarc’h VCN) to Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), the income derived from the transaction is subject to Vietnam CIT corresponding to the value of its shares in Vietnam under domestic laws. 

In case the Companies request for consideration applying the Agreement for the Avoidance of Double Taxation between the Government of Vietnam and the Government of France, the Companies shall submit the application for Notification of eligibility for tax exemption, reduction under Agreement to the supervisory tax authority in order for the tax authority to consider instructing according to regulations of laws.

The General Department of Taxation would like to reply to the Companies for information.

ON THE ORDER OF THE DIRECTOR GENERAL
PP. THE DIRECTOR OF THE POLICY DEPARTMENT
DEPUTY DIRECTOR
(Signed and sealed)
Ms. Hoang Thi Ha Giang