---
title: "CV 2015 07 08 CV 2774 08072015TCTChuyen nhuong v1"
category: "Capital"
subcategory: "Capital Gains Tax"
source_folder: "Indirect CGT"
conversion_date: "2025-11-21"
original_format: "docx"
---

       Ministry of Finance	Socialist Republic of Vietnam
General Department of Taxation		   Independence – Freedom – Happiness

Kindly to: 
ConocoPhillips (U.K) Limited Company;
Perenco Overseas Holding Limited Company;
Perence Cuu Long Limited Company.

To implement the Prime Minister’s guidance in accordance to the Official Letter No. 350/TTg – KTN dated 12 Mar 2015 and Official Letter No. 1500/TTg – KTN dated 18 Aug 2014 on the transfer and change name of contractors in the Product Sharing Contract for the Petroleum Contract Lot 15.1, after reporting to the Ministry of Finance, the General Department of Taxation (“GDT”) would like to have its guidance to the contractors as follows:
Pursuant to Article 2, CIT Law No. 14/2008/QH12 about CIT taxpayer: “1. Taxpayers are goods and service production and business organizations which have taxable incomes under the provisions of this Law (below referred to as enterprises), including:
… b/ Enterprises established under foreign laws (below referred to as foreign enterprises) with or without Vietnam-based permanent establishments;
2. Enterprises having taxable incomes under Article 3 of this Law shall pay enterprise income tax as follows: …
b/ Foreign enterprises with Vietnam-based permanent establishments shall pay tax on taxable incomes generated in Vietnam and taxable incomes generated outside Vietnam which are related to the operation of such establishments;
c/ Foreign enterprises with Vietnam-based permanent establishments shall pay tax on taxable incomes generated in Vietnam which are not related to the operation of such permanent establishments.
d/ Foreign enterprises without Vietnam-based permanent establishments shall pay tax on taxable incomes generated in Vietnam.”
Pursuant to Point 2a, Clause 1, Article 1, Decree No. 122/2011/ND-CP dated 27/12/2011 about CIT taxable income: “a/ Income from capital transfer, including income from the transfer of part or the whole of the capital amount invested in an enterprise, even in case of sale of enterprises, transfer of securities and other forms of transfer of capital as prescribed by law”
Pursuant to Clause 1.1, Article 19, Circular 32/2009/TT-BTC dated 19/02/2009 guiding the declaration and payment of CIT on income from capital transfer applicable to foreign organizations and individuals participating in petroleum contracts: “1.1. The transferee shall determine the payable CIT amount and declare, deduct and pay tax for the capital transferor”
Pursuant to Point b, Clause 8, Article 12, Circular No. 156/2013/TT-BTC dated 6/11/2013, CIT declaration on capital transfer of foreign contractor shall be as follows: ” b) Any foreign organization that does business in Vietnam or earns incomes in Vietnam (hereinafter referred to as foreign contractor) without following the Law on Investment and the Law on Enterprises, and make capital transfer, then CIT shall be declared whenever it is incurred.
The capital transferee shall determine, declare, deduct, and pay the CIT payable on behalf of the foreign organization. If the transferee is also a foreign organization that does not follow the Law on Investment and the Law on Enterprises, the company established under Vietnam’s law in which capital is invested shall declare and pay the CIT payable on behalf of the foreign organizations” 
	Pursuant to the above regulations, if the ConocoPhillips (U.K.) Ltd. Company (incorporated in U.K.) transfer all its shares owned in ConocoPhillips (U.K.) Cuu Long Ltd. Company (participating into the Product Sharing Contract in the Petroleum Contract Lot 15.1 in Vietnam) including the right to participate into Petroleum Contract Lot 15.1 to the Perenco Overseas Holding Ltd. Company (incorporated in U.K.), the Perenco Cuu Long Ltd. Company (participation in Petroleum Contract Lot 15.1 in Vietnam after the transfer) will be obliged to declare and pay CIT on behalf ConocoPhillips (U.K.) Ltd. Company for income correspond to the transfer value of Petroleum Contract Lot 15.1 as prescribed.
GDT hereby inform the companies listed above for acknowledgement and implementation.

								Deputy Director General

									Tran Van Phu 

